and friends today we will
share with you a code generator
good playstation network then it has
to enter this link that I am
entering or else I'll leave this
link in the video description for
make it easier for them to enter
then they give you enter and good is going to
redirect directly to mega here they go to
be able to download your code generator
is playstation lion says download
wait a few seconds to download
this code generator later in the
lightweight
and well then they give you where it says
show all downloads
then decompress this generator
of sps code n unzip and I
This is going to seem like an important part
that you read that this generator
It has been created by people who like it
share codes and that has been
proven that works in spain mexico
and all of Latin America 100% not then
you run this is a generator of
playstation network code as
administrator they give to execute
and well then here it will open
this generator does not
then you can select here
your card your gift card code
of 10 dollars of 25 of 50 you choose
this time I'm going to choose from choose
dollars but you can choose from 25
or 50 dollars this generator has its
database on this page where you
that will detect you swipe
this time I'm watching in
Spain
a few months ago and has come up
Spain and here works correctly
generator you do not have to open
this page I'm just explaining how
this generator works you
they have to give where it says get your
gift card or have the card
gift now
they expect him to communicate with his base
data expect you to contact your
database and good in a few seconds
communicates and says analyzing direction
ip and locating your country not in my case
locate that I'm from Spain is not
accessing your database then
here says accessing our base of
data and getting a card
playstation network await us about
seconds that you assign a code of
Playstation you have chosen
and says happiness from your card
playstation network has been generated with
success then this
this program this generator also
After assigning a code that you have
chosen in the dollars you upload it to a web
premium so you can download
gift cards this is to avoid that
are used in excess and to prove that
you are not human persons and you are not
some robots or bots and well then this
that you have to give him here where
he says download his folder here
downloaded from your card
then it will redirect you to this
page and here says
very well the playstation code
network created
he says how much he thought and the date in this
case October 11 and well here we have
to see the recent comments of the
people who have generated their codes
of greetings from Spain christopher
Rodriguez here works perfectly
my psn code
there are also others plus other comments
more this is excellent no longer has to
buy us psn code no and good too
Carlos Fernando Bartholomew says one
I work all the psn codes of 10
thousand 550 2 those obtained by general
they work perfectly well this one
is leading to comment this
part after they download the code
that they just generated the then
are three simple steps for
download this playstation code
that is just generated have to give
where it says download codes from
playstation and the second part of
unlock the download we have
to do a free survey and choose
one of these surveys to you maybe
other surveys appear only in
the survey that appear is carried out
good on this occasion I choose the
second survey or the first one that are
easier to perform the first two
they are easier to perform then I
I took this survey and I have to
prove that I am a human so that
I finished downloading my code
playstation network that I create
you end up waiting for you to complete the
offer is analyzing me to complete
the offer
then the offer that you appear
you will sure going to look like another
offer is only made and at the end
is going to ask you in the scenario of
cellular and choose your company I do not get
I'm seeing in Spain I'm movistar
and I give I will send
and to finish that I finished the
download I will show you the screen
of my cell phone and the code that has
arrived not the verification code that
I'm going to enter the page that has
come to my cell phone well tell me that
This text message has arrived to me
its 1 second tells me that my code
mipymes 14 54 3 and entered the web 1
then I will enter this page and
at the time of entering and sending
my p station code that I just
generate is going to download me from
I will send it immediately
I have sent it and as you can see, it was downloaded
a text where is my code
playstation and I just generated us
says it's a gps code generator
in 2014 very well you showed that you are
human the code for playstation is
downloaded satisfactorily do not give me the
average code but it tells me about the
balance they have given me and the code and
sorry and the country where I'm from is not that
in spain I'm fine 12 months then
he says enjoy it you can also generate
playstation codes every day
this general plus works 24 hours
then we copy this code and we're going to
login to my account to recharge me
is going to recharge this 10 dollars that I
I just generated these 10 this code
10 dollars not then we enter
to my account
here I will enter the code that I was
has downloaded that I generated 10
Dollars
good copy and paste and I give in continue
good ones
I give in continue
and it tells me whether to add these these funds
to me to my account
and then I give it and if you add
these funds to my account and here I think
that has been added with 10 dollars not
you tell me so added with 10 dollars
then let's see the details
fifty
and here I think I have ten dollars
before I did not have had only 20 dollars
good friends who only have to
Do the same steps that I generate
opened the generator and follow all the
steps of the generator and after the
generator goes up to a premium web like
months he came up to me in his bowl I say
playstation that has just been generated
they only make an offer and I recommend you
that you make in any of the
first that are simpler than
perform and to finalize the download your
code that have been generated enter a
Solar number and verification code
that reaches the cell phone thanks to the
next tutorial
to